I'm here with you again. I'm going to do another prayer video here.
It's just really on my heart because I feel such an urgency for many of you who don't know how to pray effectively in an unknown tongue and flow with the Spirit.
You are learning how to flow in the rivers that I've talked to you about, learning how to go into the deep water in intercessory prayer.
There is a level of intercessory prayer that goes deeper and deeper when you start flowing with Him.
It's not shallow; you start losing all your needs as far as what's on your heart, and you start praying the Father's heart.
When you start praying the Father's heart and seeking His face—as it says, 'Seek ye first the kingdom and all these things will be added unto you'—whatever you have need of is at His throne, sitting at His feet.
When you seek His face daily and listen to Him, there is a Holy Ghost flow.
If you just pray in the Spirit for 30 minutes a day—you may say you don't have enough time to pray an hour—I encourage you to just pray 30 minutes a day in tongues.
Even just praying along with these videos and flowing with the Holy Ghost, the Word talks about how the Holy Spirit is filling you, but you have to move your tongue.
You have to move out by faith. You don't just sit there and wait for the Holy Spirit to move your tongue.
You don't say, 'Okay, Holy Spirit, let's pray in tongues,'and then wait.
You have to put your boat into motion. You have to start letting Him go over you and start praying in the Spirit.
You have to speak it out and let Him have control of your tongue and your thoughts.
If you're worried about whether you're speaking it right, do what we're about to do here with me.
You can start by mimicking it with your tongue—just speaking with it is what I'm trying to say—and let the Holy Spirit flow through you.
It may sound like babbling, but you're going to hit that gusher—that Holy Ghost gusher—and you're going to start flowing in the Spirit.
Just try. You've got to let the Holy Spirit take over; you can't just sit there and wait for Him to move your mouth.
Just as faith without works is dead, you have to add your faith to it. You have to believe God for your miracle and your healing.
You've got to speak to your mountain and your circumstances; you've got to speak and call those things that be not as though they were.
You've got to operate your faith just like in any area of your life.
If you're believing for finances, you sow a seed and give to the church or wherever you're getting fed, and you believe God for a harvest because that is your faith in action.
Whether you're sowing a seed or acting—maybe you can't move your arms, or if you're a quadriplegic, you try to move your eyes—you've got to put your faith into something.
Faith without works is dead; you've got to move. So that's what I'm trying to tell you today.
We're going to pray with Sister Billy and a lot of others here at this church. I made this video to help people.
If you're dry, or if you don't like praying by yourself, you can put this on your phone in your car on the way to work and pray in the Holy Ghost.
Or pray when you get home or during your quiet time. Just get in this river.
This is a time where, if you want to see the supernatural in your life, you've got to put your faith to it and pray in the Spirit.
It doesn't just happen; you've got to pray and intercede. We are in a time of birthing pains.
In those birthing pains, if you want to keep your family safe, we've got to go before the throne.
You've got to operate in the gifts of the Spirit and speak in other tongues to shelter your family today.
I believe this motivates you to pray. Put your faith to whatever you're believing for.
We're going to pray in the Spirit, and you're going to learn how to flow in the gifts of the Spirit today.
I'm excited about this; I'm ready to jump back in the river. Thank you for joining me.
All right, here we go. This is Sister Billy. They're birthing something right now; there are groanings in the Spirit.
She's bent over, birthing in the Spirit. Keep on. Hallelujah. Now we take up Israel.
Angelic operations, assistance from heaven for the nations of the earth.
In Your mercy, You're moving people out of harm's way, relocating—a time of relocating—moving them out of judgment's way.
An awakening of the host of heaven. Getting out of harm's way and doing what He's told you to do.
Now Lord, we pray for America. Who will stand in the gap? Who will intercede for America?
In Jesus'name, ushering in holiness. Angelic assistance to do God's work.
Lord, America stays out of it. Help America to stay out of it.
The spirit of pride will not be on this nation to try to get involved, but they will stay out. We separate this nation from it. Thank you, Jesus.
You demon spirit that's been in operation over our White House, in the name of Jesus, you no longer have that.
Let go! We bind your grip; we break your grip. Python spirits, you'll not take us down.
We command, in the name of Jesus, angels of war to make war against them.
We call peace and joy. There's a breakthrough in the spirit.
I feel it. There's a breakthrough. Believe right now. You receive it by faith.
Receive it right now. Yield yourself. Breakthrough in the name of Jesus.
We agree, Father. We thank You. Holy Spirit, won't You show us?
Open our eyes, open our hearts, Lord. Create in us a clean heart, Lord.
Father, I thank You that we're more than conquerors through Him.
We are healed, whole, and well by the stripes of Jesus. We take authority over sickness and disease.
We take authority over poverty, oppression, and depression in the name of Jesus.
We break the power of that. We break the strongholds. We command strongholds to be broken.
We say the joy of the Lord is our strength. You said if we would ask for the ask you for that Nation, You would give them to us.
Thank You, Jesus. Breakthrough for these people. Breakthrough in their minds.
Breakthrough in their emotions. I thank You for the eyes of our understanding being enlightened.
I thank You, Lord, we realize how big You are and how small the devil really is.
Revelation knowledge, Father. We who know who we are in Christ—if Christ is for us, who can be against us?
The Greater One lives on the inside of us. We receive that by faith in Jesus'name.
We are calling those things that be not as though they were in our lives.
Breakthrough in what we're believing for. Breakthrough in our minds, breakthrough in our emotions.
Breakthrough healing, wholeness, and wellness in our bodies.
Delivered from sickness and disease, delivered from oppression.
When you've preached as long as I have, you can start to see some things come in waves.
Right there, we see that these moves of the Spirit come in waves, and I can sense it in my spirit—there's another wave coming. Get ready for it. Praise God.
It isn't coming just because God said it's coming; we are going to have to enter into a deeper realm of prayer and give birth to that which God wants to do. It's another dimension.
If you've ever gone down to the ocean and watched the waves come in, you know that before a wave ever breaks on the shore, it has its beginnings way out in the deeper waters of the ocean.
The potential energy of the wave begins long before you ever see the final results washing up on the shore.
That's what praying in tongues accomplishes in the spiritual realm.
When you pray in tongues, you give impetus to the next move of God's spirit.
Before that spiritual wave is ever seen with your natural eyes, God is calling us to answer His call to pray in these last days.
Jesus is coming soon, but before He comes, there's something He wants to do.
And what He wants done on this earth, He will do through us, His body.
The body has no coordination when half of its members are going one way and the other half are going the other.
So God is getting us ready. He's calling us to a common goal: to yield to the promptings of the Holy Ghost and to pray in other tongues.
The next wave is about to burst upon us in all of its glory, and every one of us should be determined not to miss it.
We've seen the wave called the healing revival, we've seen the wave called the charismatic movement, we've seen the wave of faith and of the teaching of God's word, but now another wave is coming: it's the wave of the Holy Ghost.
Praise the Lord! Yes, you've seen the power of the Holy Ghost in a limited fashion, but a wave is coming that will bring His power on a higher level in a far greater measure than we've ever seen heretofore.
I can see that wave way out yonder in the deep waters. It's coming.
The waves of Holy Ghost power are building and they are coming. Amen.
I'm convinced the wave that's coming will be twice as high as what we've seen in the past.
A great outpouring, another wave. Oh Father, I thank You. A wave of Your spirit, a great harvest of souls this world has never seen before.
A major move of God upon this world, upon this nation. An outpouring of Your spirit's glory.
A great harvest. Creative miracle-working power of God, flow in us.
Create in us, Father, a clean heart. Create in us, God, what we need to be.
You are the Potter, we are the clay. Mold us and make us, oh God.
Create in us what we need to be. Holy Ghost fire. We call in the Holy Ghost fire in the name of Jesus.
We've got to go out to the deep waters. You've got to go out farther.
A great harvest, a great moving of the Holy Ghost. Out of our bellies shall flow rivers of living water.
A fresh touch of the Holy Ghost. A fresh move of God on your life.
Breaking all those things. Glory be to God! Healing, wholeness, and deliverance in the name of Jesus.
Lord, we're desperate for more of You. We've got to have more of You.
We want to be at the spout where the glory comes out. Let us be where You are, Lord.
We want to come up higher in our thinking. Come up higher in us, Lord.
Come up higher in our minds and our emotions. Oh God, we yield ourselves to You for revelation knowledge.
For Your Holy Ghost revelation knowledge of who You are in us.
A revelation knowledge of the Holy Ghost. Revelation, Father.
Revelation of Your word, revelation of the scripture in our hearts.
God, give us revelation that we hide Your words in our hearts that we might not sin against You.
Father, I thank You for a fresh touch of the Holy Ghost. Father, I thank You for revival.
We call for revival over the land. We call for a great spirit of repentance over this land.
Repentance, oh God, we're calling for it. A fresh fire. We're calling for the move of God over our lives.
Oh Lord, we call for fresh fire in the name of Jesus. Thank You, Lord, for a fresh touch of the Holy Ghost.
A fresh river. A brand new river of living water. Fresh fire in us. Holy Ghost, flow.
Holy Ghost, we thank You for a fresh outpouring like we've never seen before.
A holy rain. A rain of Your presence. A fresh rain. Oh God, we are always so thirsty.
Lord, You pour out Your spirit on us. We yield to the presence.
Oh Father, we praise You for today. We worship. His grace is sufficient.
This is what brings a breakthrough. Get in the river. Thank You.
Deliverance, freedom in Jesus'name. Glory to God. Hallelujah.
breakthrough, breakthrough in the name of Jesus. Divine protection.
Always in the right place at the right time. Breakthrough. Everything else in the name of Jesus, we receive it. We receive it in the name of Jesus.
You know, in times of corporate prayer through the years, we learned that in the morning it starts to live there and you don't have that impetus—like you heard that hymn—you wait on it because if there's another wave that comes, you want to be able to give it the energy that you have.
So you just wait, and now we're waiting on the Lord for that to fall.
Sometime we'll be able to explain lots of things. Hallelujah. This is so divine.
I know miracles don't just happen in church where you line everybody up and lay hands on them and they're healed and delivered.
Some of the greatest miracles that are happening in the world today are miracles like what is being born right now.
There is a miracle happening right now through our prayers across the world.
Thank you, Jesus. Let's not clap; let's just lift our hands to the Lord in worship.
And then there's a miracle, and God is using us. You know He's using us if you're still praying with me.
We're changing things, and there are great rewards for the release of these kinds of miracles. Only God could take us here.
This is a major rescue operation, and maybe we will have utterance to talk about it, but we're waiting to see how the Lord is going to move us now.
It's just good to seek Jesus. Just lift your hand to Him because He's the one that supplies us with the river of God.
We worship You. You are good, and Your mercy endures forever.
Be real strong, for You are good and Your mercy endures forever.
There was just a word down here about rockets that were fired out of Gaza into Israel today that malfunctioned.
Thank You for Your protection over Jerusalem, Lord. Hallelujah.
Thank You, Jesus. Praise God. You can just stay in your place of prayer.
In John the seventh chapter, Jesus said on that final and most important day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried in a loud voice, 'If any man is thirsty, let him come to me and drink.'While we were just praying, I saw that we were praying about those rooms last night.
There is a vast supply for this time and for the situations that are on the Earth right now.
Every kind of situation already has a supply. Jehovah Jireh just works that way.
Whatever the need is, there is already a supply. Thank You, Jesus.
And some of those rooms that we saw last night to be accessed have that supply. Jesus said to come to Me and drink.
George was talking and giving that word that Brother Hagin gave years ago about a wave.
Those waves—now, you know, living in places on the ocean where you see waves all the time, you can't control any of that.
There's no way to control any of it. Smaller bodies of water you can manipulate.
You can freeze a cup of water, boil it, color it, sweeten it, and do different things with it, but you cannot do that with the ocean.
It is vast; it is infinite. And that's that wave; that's where that wave's coming in, on that sovereign huge, and our faith draws it.
There is another source of water then that comes from the Earth, from us, up from our bellies. This one also comes from God, but out of our hearts.
And Jesus said you can come to Me and drink, and when you come to Him and drink, out of your belly would flow rivers.
What was interesting is that actually, if there is enough water coming to a riverbed through rain—and your prayers may seem to you like a drop of water—enough of those drops of water will cause a wall of water.
In Australia, they called it an inland tsunami. How does that even happen?
You know of tsunamis out on the ocean, and we had that some years ago in that part of the world, but this was an inland tsunami that came from rain, from drops of water.
It filled riverbeds—it filled dead riverbeds—and this one was inland from where we live, up in the mountains in a place called Toowoomba.
I watched this, and I want you to see it. When I saw this, it moved me because it pictured in a small way what I was seeing in my spirit.
If believers would come to Him and drink and pray in the Holy Ghost, our contribution of rivers, our convergence of rivers, makes a vast supply of water that moves things.
When we pray together, it changes things that we cannot change, and we let the river do the work.
I didn't know it, but rivers can be at such an amount that they are a tsunami supply.
If you go ahead and roll that and just look at it—you don't have to turn on the sound—look at that.
This stream of water was just a little runoff ditch, and now it is moving.
Of course, you know that floodwater is usually dirty water.
The river that comes out of Jesus Christ that we come to Him and drink is crystal clear, and it is life flowing today; it's coming fast.
It's life. That word, Pastor George, that you got for this meeting about persistence in prayer—just keep praying.
Now, it would take a group of men to move a car if they wanted to move it, but if there gets to be enough water, things that you cannot move just begin to float.
Obstinate things. People are moved away from what they need to be moved away from and carried to what they need to be carried to.
There goes another one floating down the river. We can move it with the Holy Ghost.
He needs to move that car real quick. That one wants to get out of the flow.
Look, there are some more—that persistence, perpetual persistence, drinking from Jesus.
He said out of your innermost being would flow rivers. Praise God, not for destruction, but out of the belly of living water.
Thank You, Jesus. Now, that one was a real stubborn one, and there are some stubborn situations, but the river can do the work. Hallelujah.
Pastor George, I believe that we come to Jesus and drink from those reserves—those reservoirs that have been laid up for this time—and we have tsunamis of rivers and we also, in addition, have that wave that's coming from the very heart of God.
Can we just go ahead and start praying in the Holy Ghost? We drink.
Well, that was a good prayer session. I just wanted to thank you all for joining me.
I know that was long, about an hour and 15 minutes, but the illustration at the end about how we can flow as a group...
like I said, the last video I did had 10,000 hits. If everybody prayed, even if it lasted 15 minutes, just think of what we could do as a body joined together.
There's power in unity when we pray as a family, and we can flow.
The greater the river coming out of us, the greater the river of living water out of all of us.
Think of all those rivers combined. What that does in the spirit realm, pushing stuff for the Lord in the world!
When we join together, we are so powerful because it's not just one little stream flowing; it's a river, and then it carries a river out of you.
All those rivers together create one massive tsunami river.
I just want to praise God for an opportunity to be able to pray together like this. It really blesses me. I hope this blessed you.
If it did and you're still watching, please comment down below; tell me if you want more videos like this.
I need to know what direction you all like. I know what the Holy Ghost is telling me, but if you like this more, or do you like Brother Hagin, or what?
I'm trying to do different people, different rivers, and different flows of the Holy Ghost.
Instead of just taking one river, I'm trying to go with a whole different bunch of rivers.
I hope this blessed you today. Thank you. Please like my video, subscribe, and ring that notification bell.
Thank you for all the gifts, all the love, and the kindness that you've showed my family.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. We love you, and Jesus loves you, and we thank you for joining us today.
You all have a blessed and wonderful day, and we'll see you next time. Bye-bye.